Jul 2024 changelog updates (#979)
mintlify/docs: changelog.mdx

  - Deflect support interruptions: Turn daily questions into instant, self-serve answers

  Learn more in our [Slack app guide](/ai/slack-app).

  ## Hosted MCP servers

>   Deploy Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers directly through Mintlify for seamless AI tool integrations. Learn more in our [MCP guide](/ai/model-context-protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Deploy hosted Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers directly through Mintlify to integrate with AI tool like Claude, Cursor, and others. Learn more in our [MCP guide](/ai/model-context-protocol).
```

  Help users quickly connect your MCP server to Cursor or VS Code from any page in your docs via the contextual menu. See [Contextual menu](/ai/contextual-menu) for more information.

  ## Authentication improvements

  - Enhanced local development environment for auth features
  - Preview deployments now available for auth-protected sites
  - Fixed redirect behavior to properly return users to their original page
  - Added logout button display for authenticated users

  ## API playground enhancements

  - Fixed `multipart/form-data` file upload functionality
  - Improved anchor link behavior
    - Clicking links updates URL without scrolling to top
    - Resolved anchor link issues in nested tabs

  ## Assistant updates

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Unified Assistant API that's compatible with the AI SDK
```
